There have been over 10 terror attacks occurred in France in the past five years. The increasing number of terror attacks requires a review of emergency evacuation plans at many popular destinations. Aimed to design the best evacuation plan at the Louvre in Paris, we build up evacuation model based on probability distribution to make the evacuation plan. With the help of our model, we calculate the evacuation time accurately and the model is practical and adaptable to other structure.
According to the requirements, we must take various factors into account while making the plan. The process of our model building is executed step by step. First, we create a model based on cell automata. This model is quite simple and only suitable in some small occasions.  It cannot be applied to large structure. Then we set up a model based on uniform distribution of personnel. Compared with the previous one, this model is more accurate, but still too ideal to be applied. Thus we create the model based on probability distribution and this time we make it works. This model considers the floor layout of a structure and the evacuation speed of personnel so no matter how the structure changes, the proper evacuation plan can always be found. When applying it to Louvre, we find out that the distribution of visitors is quite complex and the diversity of visitors is a tough rock. Additionally, the floor layout of Louvre and various exits in the museum making it difficult for us to make a proper evacuation plan.
In order to make the model more adaptable, we combine brand-new technology with our model. The technology, which is developed by Louvre itself, can locate the visitor and send them message when necessary. The combination makes it convenient to evacuation and successfully solve the problems above.
While making the evacuation plan, we are also required to propose on how to utilize the extra exits properly. Since it is an adaptable model, there may be some potential threats such as bottlenecks and security risks during the evacuation. It’s important to analyze the benefits and weaknesses of our plan.
The sensitivity analysis of our model has pointed out that the width of exits and corridors is the most important factor that affects the efficiency of evacuation. When making an evacuation plan, it’s necessary to consider the width of exits and corridor in a structure.
